let's go princess
I'm very scared right now so I'm not
going to do the proper opening this
isn't going to be good
I'm assuming it'll be just as bad if you
remembered what was sure we're doing it
I'm so scared I don't know what she'll
be doing this energy director this girl
for me sorry but I think on an energy
drink doesn't Harriette have to be here
for a turkey dream it wasn't energy
drink that we tried what made me scared
on air episode three we tried adult
drink and it was it was the worst liquid
I've ever put in my mouth you know not
the worst thing a rock slide that's a
boobs that are worse but this this was
the worst liquid ever I mean it smelled
like piss it's pretty much and everybody
that tried it basically agreed that it
did smell like piss it was unexpectedly
bad I was a quote from old man Tom so I
wouldn't got the two other things that
they make this one is lady drink it's an
herbal detox beauty drink so this is
basically the adult drinks for men and
then the lady Jake is supposed to be the
version for the women now the other one
we got interesting this is the stress
reliever supposed to stop your
depression stop your stress and stop
your anxiety I have a sneaking suspicion
that that's going to cause more stress
for me because it's gonna taste like
piss ya know some of the facts you got
here by the only positive thing to these
now tell me how this works it's got the
same things that the other one did
there's nothing in it
yeah it's zero it's all true so how
what's it then there's got to be
something in it right like what gives it
its taste wouldn't it just be watered
you see here both of them also both
facts there's nothing in it
there's citric acid in this one so
that's it lavender lavender what the
fuck shit alright so let's try yours
first I think we'll save the aging to
last these are bad very very very bad oh
that looks forward yeah it's the piss
thing it's smell it
smells like Oh white light Oh smell I
don't even know how bad the same it's
the same smell as important lesson that
looks like stale beer yeah it has st.
make it's the same exact I would have
slightly less though it almost has that
has like a waffle syrup paste going on
it
take a small swig of this that's
supposed to relieve stress by the way
it's bad it's not as bad as the don't
drink was though but that's pretty bad
one more one more sip food people hope
for you guys right Wow
no it's like it's like it makes corn
syrup in with what maybe like sprite and
the sprite that's sitting out for a
while as we get at and then somebody
took like a liquid jump in there with me
up any of the color god it tastes gross
it's really gross what my stress levels
gone up yeah I think I I think my hair
is falling out alright so stress all
right so we finished pouring it out now
we're going to try the one that I know
is going to be just fucking hell on
earth
this one is leave the lady drink now
remember this is supposed to stimulate
the ladies loves lives loves lights
we're clear
oh my god that was smells really bad so
identical to the adult drink really that
that is fucking disgusting
yep that's same thing oh it's just like
a clear stupid energy drink living thing
you know these aren't energy drinks
they're supposed to be herbal drinks god
I wish I didn't smile yeah all right
oh my god dr. Chow fuck you fuck is dr.
Chow doing he makes them you kill them
okay so this is slowly I should sum it
up up at the top it's kind of try to
give its you know like pluses no sugar
no calories no caffeine no preservatives
no fucking taste that's good is it awful
it's fucking awful is it shouldn't fuck
you both of these would get a big fat
really like say we have a one out of
fuck you this gets up five out of five
fuck you I agree yeah five nine five
five out of five you get five fuck yous
from us thank you god damn it it's
literally pissed in in a can piss that's
been sitting in the camp really three
years
yeah and he's been making these for a
while apparently when I looked it up
this isn't like an upstart company like
I originally thought these are this is
an actual he's been around for a while
company really how does he sell this
bullshit I don't know but it gets five
out of five fuck use for both of us
well avoid anything that says dr. Chow
from now on I didn't say avoid showels
if you ever see dr. Chow just punch him
in the face no reckless leave me hate
this stupid ass
so thank you for joining us once again
for another wrecklessly t-shirts okay
any shorts
so I couldn't have that pace yeah I
agree